.DT
Posting on Player Boards
Creator Guidelines
Posting on Player Boards

.SP 5 5
When posting on player boards, it's important to remember at all times that, regardless of what the message is, you're posting as a creator. As such, you should make an effort to ensure that what you post is suitable. There are a few guidelines that will make this judgement call somewhat easier: 

Avoid posting to a guild board as a creator unless you are a guilds coder or a guilds liaison. If you have something to add to an idea being bounced around, then log in a player alt to make your contribution. Some players may see your postings as coming from a position of authority, and unless you're in a position where that's accurate, it should be avoided. If logging in an alt to post is too much effort, it may be an idea to reconsider whether your posting is entirely necessary. 

If you post as a creator, please don't post about developments you are not directly involved with. The Lord and domain deputies of a domain should make the final call as to whether information on a particular development should be publicised. This also goes for posting about games mechanics outside your jurisdiction. If you're not sure if you should be posting something, don't do it. :-) 

If you post, speak for yourself. Don't speak for all creators, since we all have our own opinions which may, or may not, coincide with what you post. Referencing to the rest of creatordom is rude, and inconsiderate. 

If you're newly promoted, please think twice about posting in the first place. Give yourself time to come to grips with your new duties and responsibilities. It's a natural urge to want to express your opinions, especially from a new position of authority, but that should wait until you're more established as a creator. Log in an alt to post... that way, you don't run the risk of what you say reflecting badly on creators as a whole. 

There are probably other guidelines, of course, but these are the biggies... follow these, and everyone is a happy womble. :-) 

-- MichaelHeron (drakkos) - 27 Jun 2001 
.EP

.SH See also
.SP 5 5
liaison_boards
.EP