.DT
citizenship
Discworld concepts help
citizenship

.SH Name
.SI 5
citizenship - being a citizen of a city state.
.EI

.SH Description
.SP 5 5
Citizenship is available in certain city states in Discworld.  Being a
citizen means you are agreeing to abide by the rules of the city state.
It also gives you certain benefits, you must be a citizen to own
a house and you must be a citizen to gain specific titles.  There is no
cost to citizenship and you may be a citizen in as many city states as
you wish.  City states can add their own rules about who can and cannot
be citizens of that city state, they can deny dual citizenship or the
citizenship of alts if they wish.

Magistrates are popularly elected by the citizens and can make the rules
within their own city states and serve for 20 weeks.  All rules are
ratified by the entire citizen base (if they wish to do so).  Each area
has a fixed number of magistrates.  The number of possible magistrates can
be seen in the council information, which is available in the voting booth
and in some of the other areas of the mud.

Rules can be made which affect only citizens and other rules can be made
to affect the entire playerbase.

Cases can be brought before the magistrate for rulings on issues, these
issues can be anything which violates the rules of the council.   Anyone
may start a case.
Magistrates' decisions can be appealed.  All punishments will be
related to cases, so you can always see why a punishment was applied.

Any issue which is related to a rule in the city state may have a case
brought against it.  Cases which are not breaking rules are not against
the law.  You can petition magistrates to get the law changed.  Only
players can be citizens, cases may only be brought against other
players.

Magistrates will have a wide variety of punishments available to deal
with people who break the rules.  They will range from simple fines to
banishment from the city.  You can see the list of punishments available
in any city by going to the court room and looking at the list of
punishments.
.EP

.SH See Also:
.SI 5
citizenship(room), cases, chambers, magistrate
.EI
