.DT
club
Discworld concepts help
club

.SH Description
.SP 5 5
There are two different sorts of clubs on Discworld, personal clubs and
elected clubs.  Personal clubs are ones that are controlled by one person
and they have the power to change any element of the club they wish to change.
An elected club is run by an elected group of players and they can only
change elements of their clubs by voting.

You must register your club with the patrician and he will require quite a lot of money for your club to continue to exist.  Discworld's usual language and harassment rules apply to club names, and your money may not be returned if the name is deemed inappropriate.

Elected clubs all start off as personal clubs and cannot be changed to be
elected until they have reached 10 members in a club and a club cannot stay
as a personal club after it has 30 members.  An elected club is given
several advantages over a personal club, elected clubs get a detailed
transaction history of their bank balance, the ability to rent club
rooms and the ability to change various extra elements of the club.

All commands in clubs are prepended by the club name in lower case with
all the spaces replaced with underscores.  For example, if your club is
called 'We Care' then to access the club commands you would use
'we_care'.

Clubs all have the following features:
.EP
.SO 5 5 -15
	*	You can be a member of as many clubs as you wish.
	*	Clubs all have chat lines.
	*	Clubs all have identifying insignia.
	*	A set of commands based on their insignia.
.EO

.SI 5
Clubs all have the following commands:
.EI
.SO 5 24 -32
	recruit	add new members to the club.
	members	list all the members of the club.
	members online	list the online members of the club.
	members listening	members listening to the talker channel.
	info	information about the club.
	emote	emote something onto the talker channel.
	talk	say something on the talker channel.
	history	show the history of the talker channel.
	disbar	remove someone from the club.
	resign	leave the club.
	mute on/off	turn the talker channel on and off.
	brief {on|off}	turns brief mode on or off.
	brief name <brief name>	allows you to choose the way the club name is displayed for club chats.  e.g. 'wyvyrn's_wildlife_fund brief name WWF'.
.EO

.SH Personal clubs
.SP 5 5
Personal clubs can only be up to 30 members in size.  Only people designated
as recruiters are allowed to recruit people into the club.  You can only
deposit into the bank balance of the club, only automatic deductions will
be removed from the club.  If the founder leaves the mud for some reason
a personal club will be disbanded.

Only the founder of a personal club can change the description of the
club.
.EP

.SH Elected clubs
.SP 5 5
Elected clubs can be over 10 members in size.  People designated as recruiters
and members of the committee can recruit members into the club.  The
treasurer and president can remove money from the bank account,
all members
can get a detailed transaction history of the account.  The president
and the vice president can immediately disbar a member from the club, anyone
can start a discussion item to remove someone from the club.  The president and secretary can add announcements to the club.  Discussion items can be used to discuss elements of the club, like making the club secret or changing the names of the various positions in the club and they can be used as general purpose voting tools.  An elected club can continue to function after the founder has left the mud.

Discussion Items control various features of the club.  When a discussion item
is completed, the results are mailed to the committee, and posted to
the bulletin board if the club has one.  A history of all the discussion items
in the club will be kept that can be perused to see what has happened in
the past.  A discussion item is not acted upon unless it has quorum.  For
a committee-only discussion item 3/4 of the committee are required to vote
and for an open vote 1/2 of the club are required to vote for it to
have quorum.  If there is no quorum, the discussion item cannot be passed.

A nomination will be accepted if at least two people have nominated a
person and one of those people is the person being nominated.  In other
words the nomination needs to be seconded.  All nominations for positions
in the major elections need to be done in the club control room.  The
commands on your club badges are only for nominating people and voting
for people in discussion items, not general elections.

Elected clubs will be able to lease club rooms and shops.

Special commands on the club badge for Elected Clubs:
.EP
.SO 7 15 -25
	vote	allows you to vote for certain discussion items.  (Note: not general elections)
	nominate	allows you to nominate people in certain types of discussion items.  (Note: not general elections)
	list all	allows you to list all the current discussion items.
	list <number>	lists information on the specific discussion item.
	discuss <type>	adds in a discussion item of the specified type.
	archives	shows the archives of finished discussion items and announcements.
	announcement	shows the clubs current announcement.
.EO

.SH See Also:
.SI 5
family
.EI
