.DT
combat
Disccworld concepts help
combat

Name
.SI 5
combat - General help on the combat system
.EI

Description
.SP 5 5
The combat system is how you go about killing things.  You and all other living
things have rules built into you to determine the outcome of fights.  You
can initiate combat by either typing 'kill <thing>' or by casting an offensive
spell at the thing.  You can kill monsters or other players.

When you are in combat, you will automatically get an attack every 2 seconds
which is how often your heartbeat happens.  If for some reason, the monsters
hit you, but you do not hit back, try typing 'restart' which is the command
to restart your heartbeat.  Occasionally things go wrong and this will happen
but it isn't a common occurance so please tell a lord if you find a way of
making it happen.

During combat, you can cast spells at the rate of 1 per heartbeat.  You may
find some spells that can be cast instantaneously and don't happen on the
heartbeat, but these spells will usually not be damage spells and there will
be no real problem in casting lots of them at once.  For a list of the
spells you know, type 'spells' and to use them type 'cast spell target'.

Some guilds will also give players combat commands that do damage similar to
that of the spells of magic using guilds.  A fighters guild might give thump
and headbutt commands, while a thieves guild would probably have backstab.

All players have spell points even if they don't cast spells.  If they do cast
spells, spell points will be used in the process.  If you are a fighter, using
the combat commands like thump and headbut will use your spell points.  The
name is meaningless.  You could consider the combat commands to the be fighters
form of spell.  Fighters do of course have the dissappear spell where they
can make any amount of food dissappear almost instantaneously.

The object of a combat of course is to be alive at the end of it, standing over
the corpse of the person you were fighting.  The less desirable outcome is being
made to have a brief chat to Death.  These things happen and you will be bound
to die sooner or later.  Lifes tough.
.EP
