.DT
concept
Discworld
concept

.SH Discworld
.SP 5 5
Through the vast nothingness of interstellar space swims the Great A'Tuin.
And riding on the Turtle's back are the four elephants, Berilia, Tubul, Great
T'Phon and Jerakeen, upon whose shoulders rests the disc of the world...

Such is the creation of author Terry Pratchett: A world of ancient magic, bored
gods, and celestial humor. And such is the world of which you unexpectedly find
yourself a part.
.EP

.SH The Player
.SP 5 5
As any devotee of the Lady would attest, the cosmos is full of creatures playing
games (or perhaps bad jokes). As luck would have it, you find yourself a player
in the grand designs of the Creators, earning your fame and fortune as a hero
(or better still, not getting yourself killed).

The creators, for lack of anything better to do, are responsible (blameworthy?)
for the world around you. You, however, have the far more interesting, and
perilous, task of exploring their machinations, and perhaps even enjoying
yourself along the way.
.EP

.SH The Game Design
.SP 5 5
For those accustomed to Universes of far less imaginative design, Discworld
is an LP mud of a different origin. Rather than a place where one scrabbles for
the "coveted" position of wizard, then becoming as bored as the gods, a much
happier mud is one in which being a player is purposeful. And, in fact, that is
THE purpose of the game. Here, being a player is heart and soul (and other
interesting bits) of the game. And, as a player, you will gain most of the
wonderful abilities available only to wizards on other muds (e.g. emote, echo,
force, etc.).

As with any LP mud, the chance to code is there for any who can or care to
learn. Upon reaching a certain level you may petition for creator status.
However, to become a creator is to merely get a chance to code; all the fun
abilities formerly of wizardhood are available to players for completing quests
and the like. Fear not, however! As a creator you will maintain your status as a
player, and crush things with the best of them--just not while logged on as a
creator.
.EP
