.DT
groups
Discworld player help
groups

.SH Overview
.SP 5 5
Teams, or groups, are a mechanism whereby a number of players can act
together.  By acting in concert players can often achieve tasks which
none of them could manage individually.

Discworld provides a number of commands to assist in the management of
group.
.EP

.SH First Things First
.SP 5 5
The command to access all group operations is called "group".  This
command is divided into a number of different sub-commands and is
used by typing "group <sub-command> [arguments]" such as "group list"
or "group say Hello."

To get a list of all of the current sub-commands in the system, type
"syntax group".  To get a short help message on a particular sub-command,
type "group help <sub-command>".  For example, to view the help for
"group create", type "group help create".
.EP

.SH Colour
.SP 5 5
Group actions can be colourised via the "group" option in the command
"colours".  See "help colours" for more details.
.EP

.SH The Hierarchy of Adventure
.SP 5 5
What a silly title.  Anyway, every group must have a leader at all times.
The leader gets access to special commands to administer his fellow members
(or crack the whip, depending on which sort of group he's running).  At the
beginning, the leader is the person who creates the group.
.EP

.SH Listing, Creating, Joining and Leaving Groups
.SP 5 5
A player creates a group by typing "group create <name>".  This, oddly,
starts a group of that name.  If a group with such a name exists, the command
will bark at you with a nasty error.  Use the command "group list"
to view already existing groups and their members and leader.

If the command succeeds, the group is created and exists until either all
members leave the group or the game.  Groups do not (or should not)
survive between logins.  You want clubs for that ("help clubs").

To join an existing group you must first be invited.  An invitation can
only be placed by the leader of a group with the "group invite <person>"
command.  The leader and the new member do not have to be in the same
room together for the invitation to be placed.  The prospecting member
can join a group when he meets an existing member of the group and types
"group join <member>".

A member can leave a group by either quitting the game or typing
"group leave".
.EP

.SH Communication and Discipline
.SP 5 5
Group members can talk to each other with the "group say
<text>" command.  This command broadcasts a message to everyone in the
group.  To emote on the group channel, use "group emote <message>".

It might be useful to alias these commands for easy access,
e.g. "alias p' group say $*$".  See "help alias" for more information.

To view what has been said on the channel recently, a member can use the
command "group history".  You can only view the history from the point
where you joined the group.

If a member is not cooperating to a point that he must be removed from
the group, the command "group kick <member>" is available to the leader
to boot the player out.
.EP

.SH Movement
.SP 5 5
Generally the group moves as a single unit with everyone following the
leader.  To change this configuration, members can use the commands
"group follow <member(s)>" and "group unfollow <member(s)>".

The arguments these commands takes can be the name (or names, separated
by commas) of a group member in the same room with you, or a simple
"all" which makes you follow all group members in the room.

When you join a group, you will automatically begin following the
group's current leader.  If the leader of a group changes, you will only
switch to follow the new leader if you were already following the old
one.
.EP

.SH Combat
.SP 5 5
One of the most important uses for groups is to cooperate in combat.  There
are various commands to aid in coordinating attacks and communication
information and orders during them.

To view statistics of all group members, use the command "group status
[brief|verbose]".  The 'brief' or 'verbose' argument is optional - it will
default to either one depending on your verbose settings (see "help
verbose" for more information).  To announce your personal statistics to
all group members, use the command "group report".

To keep an eye on a group member, and automatically join the fight when
someone attacks him, use the command "group assist <member>".  You may
only be assisting a certain number of members at one time, and the
larger the number, the larger the delay before you "notice".  This
delay is also based on your character's perception.
.EP

.SH Notes
.SP 5 5
The maximum number of players that can be in a group at one time is six.
.EP

.EO

.SH See Also
.SP5 5
protect, unprotect, verbose, colours
.EP
