.DT
parser
Discworld Player Help
parser

.SH Name
.SI 5
parser - the Discworld object parser
.EI

.SH Description
.SP 5 5
The Discworld object parser allows you to interact with objects in many
different ways.

So if you have a blue frog in your inventory, you can type 'look at frog' or
'look at blue frog'.

If you have several types of the same object, you can refer to it with a
number or an ordinal.  For example, 'blue frog 1' or '3rd blue frog'.

You can refer to several types of the same object by specifying the number of
objects you want to use.  For example, '1 blue frog' or 'twenty blue frogs'.

You can also interact with objects in containers by using 'in'.  For example,
'look at beer in bottle'.

You can interact with several things at once by using ',' and '&'.  Typing
'look at frog,womble' will allow you to look at both objects, but only if
both objects are present.  Typing 'look at frog & womble' however, will allow
you to look at the frog even if the womble isn't present and vice versa.

If you only want to interact with objects that lie in the room, then you can
use 'here'.  For example, 'look at green bottle here'
If you only want to interact with objects that lie in your inventory then you
can use 'my'.  For example, 'look at my shoes'.

You can also specify random objects to match from a group with the
'random' keyword.

Living things can be specifed with the 'living' keyword.  This allows you to
reference living things without referencing non-living things.

The mud remembers what you last referenced, so you can reference them again
with 'it', 'them', 'him', 'her' keywords.
If for example, you have just looked at somebody and want to look at her socks
you can type 'look at her socks'.  If you have just looked at a cabbage, you
can pick it up with 'get it', and so on.

You can change how precisely you want to target stuff with the option 'input
ambiguous'.  If you are a complete control freak who always wants to specify
precisely which object you are referring to then try setting 'options input
ambiguous = on', otherwise leaving it 'off' might be better.

It is also possible to turn on and off the processing of 'and' as a
break word or as an adjective.  If you use 'options input andascomma = on'
you will turn on the possibility to use 'and' as if it was a comma.  If
you turn this to off then you can use it as an adjective and reference
things like 'red and blue jacket'.
.EP

.SH Examples
.SI 5
> look at quill,frog
> look at quill&frog
> look at bottle in bucket
> look at blue frog
> look at 2nd red towel
> look at 20 gold coins
> look at cupcake here
> look at random flower
> look at my badge
> look at her badge
> look at his jacket
> look at it
> look at living beggar
The beggar's life span looks exceptionally short.
> get them
> options input ambiguous = off
> options input andascomma = on
.EI

.SH See also
.SP 5 5
locate, options
.EP 5
