.DT
role-playing
Discworld Player help
role-playing

.SP 5 5
Unlike some other virtual worlds out there, you are
not required to role-play on Discworld.  However, if
you are into role-playing, you will find there is a
sizeable group of players on the mud for you to play
with. 

What kind of role you want to play is entirely up to
you, although we do prefer you to stay in the setting
of Discworld.  (This is hardly a constraint; since this
is such an eclectic place, it would be difficult to
actually find a role that would not fit.)

Role-players on Discworld usually build their characters
on guild identities.  Apart from that, they form their
characters with loads of humour and the numerous resources
the mud has to offer: clothing, emotional expression,
character description, titles, the numerous ways of
communication, etc.

To support the role-playing community, we provide a few
guidelines.  These are not rules, just conventions that
players can stick to if they want to role-play:

Make a story for your character.  Think of age, youth,
past experience, traumas, a typical tic, family, ...
Keep this story in mind; it will help you to decide
how your character would respond in various situations.

While playing your role, avoid talk about 'real' life,
game mechanics like skill level numbers, and general
stuff that your character would have no knowledge of
in the 'real' Discworld.

It is hard to play Discworld and not mention game
mechanics ever. You will have to find out things that
are hard to find out in a role-playing way.  Also, you
may want to talk about 'real' life now and then.  To
help you make a distinction, we suggest you divide
your communications between 'in character' (IC) and
'out of character' (OOC):

IC: say, whisper, emote, remote, shout, soul commands where possible,
guild talker channel and your guild bulletin board.

OOC: tell, other bulletin boards, other talker channels.

If role-players stick to these conventions, then they
can stimulate each other to stay in their role.  Remember
the talker and boards are public, so you could and
should not expect other people to accept these conventions.

Respect players' style of playing, even if it is not yours.
Non-role-players may get a little confused with you.
You could use your finger information to indicate that
you are playing a character.

When dealing with creators, coders and liaisons alike,
remember that they have a job to do.  They are probably
not interested in trying to decipher your funny accent.

There is a role-playing board in the Patrician's palace.
Please use it in a nice way, IC or OOC.  It might give
you good ideas and also show you who else is interested
in role-playing.

More resources for role-players may soon show up in the game.
.EP

See also
.SP 5 5
earmuffs, describe
.EP
