.DT
inhumation office
Discworld room help
inhumation office

.SH Name
.SI 5
inhumation office - Allows playerkillers to place contracts on each other, and lets assassins view them and collect payment for completed jobs.
.EI

.SH Syntax
.SI 5
request contract on <playername>
request warning contract for <playername>
confirm contract on <playername>
submit message for <playername>
collect [payment]
view book, view listings, review contracts, etc.
list [available NPCs]
donate <money>
.EI

.SH Player contracts
.SP 5 5
There are several distinct phases to requesting a contract on another player
through the Assassins' Guild.  The first step is to 'request' the contract
at any branch office of the Guild.  Your request will be processed; once a
decision has been reached on whether the contract was accepted and how much
it will cost, you will be informed.

"Warning" contracts will cost considerably less than a "full-service"
contract requested on the same person.  The only difference between a
full contract and a warning contract is that, with a warning contract,
the client will not lose a life.

Full contracts are considerably more costly if the client has very few
lives remaining at the time of contract valuation.

After you have received confirmation of the price, you can go to any branch
office and pay the cost of the contract in the appropriate local currency
using the 'confirm' command.

A player who has not requested the contract in question can still pay it,
assuming they have enough money to cover the contract plus a surcharge.
Please note, however: If you do not have sufficient funds, you will not
be told that there is a contract on that player.

Once a contract has been paid, you may submit a special message for your
intended client, which will be printed on the receipt they receive when
they are inhumed.  You may also choose to reveal your name to your client
if you so choose; please note that if you do not specifically indicate that
you wish your name to be revealed, you will remain anonymous.

A contract is only active for a limited period of time.  If that time
expires, the person who paid the contract will receive a mail indicating
that they have a refund waiting for them, which they can 'collect' at any
branch office.  The collect command is also used by graduated assassins
to claim their wages from completed jobs.  There is a service fee associated
with expired contracts; you will not get the full amount back.
.EP

.SH Viewing the contract listings
.SP 5 5
If you have graduated from the guild, you can view the currently active
contracts.  The command to do this will vary from office to office.  You
may have to ask the secretary, or you may simply have to view the book.

All graduated assassins can view the book; however, you must meet several
additional criteria before you are allowed to view or close contracts on
other PKs. Those criteria are: (1) You must be at least Guild Level 175,
(2) You must be at least 10 days old, (3) You must have closed at least 4
(NPC) contracts, (4) You must be considered an active player.
.EP

.SH NPC contracts
.SP 5 5
Any player, PK or non-PK, may request and pay for a contract on a selected
list of NPCs.  That list is available in all public Guild offices by typing
"list".  Please use the entry in the "tag" column to request NPC contracts.
.EP

.SH Donations
.SP 5 5
Any player may choose to make a donation to the Assassins' Guild Benevolent
Fund.  This money will be used to fund NPC contracts for graduated assassins
to close.  Use the command "donate" to donate a specific number of coins
(in the denomination of the Guild you are in) into the Guild coffers.  Note 
that for any one donation, all the coins must be from one money area, IE 
Ankh-Morpork, Lancre.
.EP

.SH Notes
.SP 5 5
If you commit a crime against the guild (stealing on guild grounds, killing
Guild NPCs, possibly other actions), you will earn a "special" contract
which will cost you a life, and can be closed by NPC assassins or by
specially-appointed PK Guild Enforcers.

Only playerkillers may request contracts, and only playerkillers may be
the target of contracts from other players (Non-PKs can still earn special
contracts).

Assassins may request and pay for contracts, but will not be allowed to
close a contract which they themselves have been involved in.  It is
considered cheating to try to circumvent this rule.

Assassins can not place contracts on each other.  Attempting to circumvent
this rule is also considered cheating.

Disavowed assassins are denied access to the contract system.  The
Guildmaster may also deny access to the contract system for any player
at his or her discretion.  Guess what? Cheating if you try to get around
this one, too.

Any player found to be using the contract system with intent to harass
can expect to have a brief and painful chat with Admin.
.EP

.SH Examples
.SI 5
Requesting a contract:
> request contract on shirke
> request warning contract for shirke

Paying for a contract:
> confirm contract on shirke

Customizing the message:
> submit message for shirke

Collecting refunds or wages:
> collect payment

Making a donation:
> donate 128 pence and 34 dollars

Viewing a price list of NPCs:
> list
.EI

.SH See also
.SP 5 5
inhume
.EP
