.DT
apply
Discworld player help
apply

.SH Name
.SP 5 5
apply - applications to be a creator or player killer
.EP

.SH Syntax
.SI 5

apply vouch for <name> as <position> 
apply query vouch for <name> as <position> 
apply query all my vouches 
apply delete vouch for <name> as <position> 

apply as creator in <word> domain 
apply as playtester 
apply as liaison 
apply as player killer 
apply delete my application as <position> 

apply list requirements for {creator|liaison|playtester} applications 
apply list questions for {creator|liaison|playtester} applications 
apply list available positions 
apply list position status 

.EI

.SH Description
.SP 5 5
The apply command is used to apply for an official position change on 
Discworld.   Most of these positions are awarded on the basis of 
merit by a domain leader... the exception to this is player killer, 
which is available to all applicable applicants without the 
requirement of domain leader approval.

The employment system on Discworld works through a system of 
applications and vouches.  Each category of employment carries 
with it its own requirements and its own questions for application.
You can see what the requirements for a position are with 
'apply list requirements for <type> applications'.  You can see which 
positions are handled by this command with 'apply list available 
positions', and you can see which positions are currently hiring 
with 'apply list position status'.  If you wish to see the questions 
for a particular position, then 'apply list questions for <type> 
applications'.

'Apply as player killer' is instantaneous if you meet the minimum 
requirements.  It is important that you read the 'playerkilling' 
helpfile before you do this... your playerkiller status can only 
be reset by refreshing.

The procedure for the other positions works as follows:  First, you 
write your application.  When you agree to submit your application 
then it gets stored in a 'pending' position until you get a number 
of people to vouch for you... the number of people depends on the 
type of position you are applying for.  When you have received the 
required number of vouches, your application gets posted to a 
relevant board for consideration.  Only once you have received all 
the vouches for your application are you under consideration for 
employment.  You may only have one pending application for each 
category at once... so you may have pending applications as a 
creator and a playtester, but not two as a creator.  It is not 
advisable to pursue employment in more than one category at a 
particular time, however.

Note that 'apply as creator in liaison domain' and 'apply as 
liaison' both do the same thing.

Applications will time out of the system if you do not get enough 
vouches in the specified time-frame.  You may resubmit an application 
as many times as you like.  The time-frame for this varies with 
each position.  You will be mailed if your application times out, 
and also if your application receives the required number of vouches 
and is posted to the board.

People can submit vouches on your application using 
'apply vouch for <name> as <position>'... their vouch will be recorded 
along with your application for that position.  If they wish to change 
their vouch, they can simply revouch and their new vouch will overwrite 
the earlier.  They will be asked why they think you would make a good 
applicant for the position, and their vouches will also be posted to the 
board along with your application.  Note:  The quality of your vouches 
will directly reflect on the quality of your application.  The more 
mature, responsible and trustworthy your vouchers, the better it will be 
for your application.  You also cannot vouch for yourself.

If at any point before your application is posted you wish to 
change your mind, you can 'apply delete my application as <position>'.

Those who have submitted vouches can see what they wrote for a 
particular applicant with 'apply query vouch for <name> as <position>', 
and what all of their pending vouches were with 'apply query all my 
vouches'

NOTE:  It is important that you are honest in your application and that 
your answers reflect your complete knowledge of a subject.  If you gain 
employment under false pretenses then you will be dismissed and/or 
deleted.  Likewise, if someone vouches for a candidate they know to be 
applying under false pretenses, and keeps this information secret, 
then that player will be subject to discipline under the 
'Aiding and Abetting, Collusion and Conspiracy' clause of the rules.

.EP

.SH See also
.SP 5 5
creator, playerkilling, liaisons_detail, newbiehelpers, playtesters
.EP
