.DT
Discworld Creator Help
help ptpolicy
Discworld Creator Help

.SP 3 3 
This policy is the requirements for putting items, areas and commands
into playtesting.

All items, areas and commands must be approved by the relevant lord
and that lord should mail the person responsible for playtesting.

Any weapons must be approved currently by the deputy responsible
for the Warriors Guild.

Guild commands must be approved by the deputy responsible
for the guild or Lord of Guilds.

Game commands must be approved by an Admin (an H).

Clothing and items that will be sold in stores or room coded in your
domain (not in /obj/misc or /obj/clothing or /obj/armour) should
be approved by the relevant domain lord.

All mailings to playtesters must be approved by the person responsible
for playtesting to ensure that the playtesters are not overwhelmed with
a constant stream of mail.  (ie if there can be consolidation of more 
than one thing being passed on, let's make it happen)  Once the mail is
approved, please make sure to c.c. the person responsible for 
playtesting in order for them to maintain mailings for new playtesters.
.EP

.SH Areas into playtesting:  

.SI 8
It is preferable that the badge be used to move players into the areas as it is MUCH easier to keep track of what is open.  When the area is open to all players, please advise the person responsible for playtesters so that a) the area is removed from the badge and b) they can remove the relevant mails from the new playtester mail grouping.
.EI

.SH Items into playtesting:  

.SI 8
Once completed, the armoury in the patrician's palace will be used for all items.  This will log who takes what items and will also control who has access to the items.  This armoury will also have (hopefully) an NPC that will teach commands to playtesters to eliminate the need for creator intervention in this matter.  To add items to the armoury, currently goto /w/gerbil/TOYS/armoury.c and use the info command.  Use the commands in there to add the levels of testing.  Please advise the person responsible for playtesting of items that are being put into testing via mail and to level of testing you are adding. (all playtesters or seniors only or selected playtesters or pk playtesters etc).  Please advise the person responsible for playtesters when an item leaves playtesting so that the relevant mails can be removed from the new playtester mail grouping.
.EI

.SH Guild commands into playtesting:             

.SI 8
Currently, the means of adding this to players is creator intervention.  The ability to have an NPC in place to do this for creators is in the works.  Again, please make to mail the person responsible for playtesters and advise them of who (guild) will be testing and when testing is completed, advise the person responsible for playtesters to ensure that the relevant mails are removed from the new playtester mail grouping.
.EI

.SH Standard game commands into playtesting:        

.SI 8
Once approved, the commands will be moved into /cmds/player for testing purposes by an Admin.  Ensure that the proper functions to allow its use by playtesters only are working.  Once the command is ready for game play, please make sure that the person responsible for playtesters is aware and can remove any relevant mails from the new playtester mail grouping.
.EI


.SP 4 1
The length of time of testing is dependant on the approving lord/admin 
and the creator putting said item/area/command into testing.  Please obtain
appropriate lord approval before removing anything from testing.  Should 
the person responsible for playtesting not be available and 
not be the lord of liaison, the lord of liaison is next in chain of 
command regarding any playtester matters.
.EP