.DT
move_player
Discworld creator help
move_player

Name
.SI 5
move_player - Moves a npc or player from one location to another.
.EI

Syntax
.SI 5
varargs mixed move_player( string dir, string dest, mixed message, object
    followee, mixed enter )
.EI 5

Description
.SP 5 5
This function is the general player and monster moveing command.  It
handles updating of follow chains, fight control, printing of
exit and enter messages and doing a look upon entering the
new room.
.EP 5 5

Arguments
.SO 5 10 -20
	dir	This is the direction command that was typed to go through the exit.  eg: North or enter gate.
	dest	The destination object of the move.  Where the player or npc should end up.
	message	The exit message printed when leaving the current room.   If this is not specified the default player enter and exit messages are used.
	folowee This is an internal object variable.  Should not be set to anything when called.
	enter	The enter messages.
.EO

Argument descriptions in more depth.

dir
.SP 5 5
If this arguement is set the value of "X" then it is assumed that the move
is a teleport move and the standard teleport enter and exit messages will
be used if not specified.
.EP

dest
.SP 5 5
Not much to say about this one.  No tricky double arguments or blue coloured
glass stuck onto this argument.  It is just the destination object to
go to.
.EP

message
.SP 5 5
The message argument is a tricky one.  If the message is set to "none"
then no message will be printed when the person leaves the room.  If
the message argument is a string, then a replacement will be run on the
string replacing all of the strings in the following table with their
equivilant meanings.

The message parameter can be an array of one element or a string.
.EP

.SO 5 10 -20
	$N	Players name
	$T	Direction leaving to.
	$F	Direction they came from.
	$s	The s is placed in when there is only one person in the move.  If more than one person is involved in the move, the s is not printed.
.EO

enter
.SP 5 5
The enter arguement is the hard one.  It is the same as the enter
modification type on exits as specified in the room documentation.  It
consists of a two element array, with the first element being an integer
specifing the type of modifications to apply to the string.

If the number is set to 0 then the second argument is the same as a message
parameter.  It is run through a replacement scheme which puts the direction
they came through in for all occurances of $F.  If it is set to 1, then
the direction replacement command is not run.
.EP

See also
.SP 5 5
move, modify_exit
.EP
