There was once a hansome frog who was sitting at the edge of a small green
pond that was covered with water lilly.  You could say this pond was frog
heaven.

As he was sitting at the side of his small pond stareing into space with a
happy frog smile on his face, a beautiful princess walked up to the pond
singing in a strangely cracked voice and sat beside it.  She looked out
over the pond in a crushed way as she her prince fiance had just run off
with another women from the terrible lands of zanaibar to the souteast.

She was so overwrought that she was not really thinking straight and
looking through tear stained eyes she saw the frog sitting happily by his
pool.  She thought how great it must be to be a frog and not have a care
in the world.  Just being able to sit by his pond, dodge the occasional
bird and croak alot.  Being so overwhelmed by this image she reached down
and kissed the frog carefully on his nose.

Unknown to her (and the frog) she had sung the words to a powerful shape
changeing spell on the way to the pond.  The contact of her lips to the
frog had changed the frog into a human.

The frog, looking surprised and shocked, tryed to croak in a questioning way.
What happened was he talked!  he said, 'Whhhhat happened? (ribbit)"

The princess was delighted!  She thought it was a sign from the gods, she
grabbed his hand and looked deeply into his eyes.  'You have been changed
back to huamn form!  You must have once been a prince enchanted by an evil
witch' she said with great excitment and fervour.  She had defineatly read
too many fairy tales.

The frog just looked shocked and couldnt think of anything to say.

The princess kissed the frog again, more lengthily, and found the frog still
had some of his original attributes :)

The spell however had by this time worn off its changeing powers, so the
frog was not turned back into a frog.  However, the bits of him that were
human really wanted this princess to lay her eggs in a pond so he could
fertalise them.

The princess pulling and tugging her awed and mostly shocked frog behind her
set off back towards her palace.  Her face was flushed and she was just
itching to tell her father the news.

The frog was trying hard to figure out what sort of lilly pad she would
have for a home.  Eventually reaching the conclusion it would be a great
big once with the nice purple coloured fringe bits. (and a pink lilly)  He
hoped the algae tasted ok.

They didn't have to walk far as the pond was in the palace yard.  When the
palace came into sight, the princess pointed at it and told the frog this
was to be his new home.  The frog not at first understanding looked around
the clearing for the lilly pad in vain.  Eventually figureing out the
large rock in the middle of the clearing was her home, decied she must
be one of those underground frogs.  He hoped she didnt hibernate.  Mostly
he just wished he was back in his lilly pad sitting happily in the sunshine
dodging birds.

The princess however was too caught up in her own emotions to really notice
the vacant and dreamly look on the frogs face, and if she did she would
probably have thought it was about her he was thinking  (My oh, my... 
Don't princess's have egos?)  She tugged the reluctant prince in through
the front doors of the palace and instantly demanded an audience with her
father.  Her father sent word saying he would see her, but there was to
be no audiecne.  She agreed to the terms.

The negotiating of course took several hours to achieve and in the
intervening time the princess and her...  er...  lover, were hanging around
in the one of the lobys.  The frog managed to put his tongue to good use
during this time.  As he was kissing the princess for the, well he had
lost count, time.  He thought looking down into her undescribale eyes
the he would really be able to live in a pond with this human women.
He looked forward to the time when she layed her eggs.

The buttler opened the door into the lobby and coughed quietly, the
Princess red faced looked around.  "The king will see you now", he said.

The princess looked at the frog, who had eventually decied his name was
Ribbit, then held his hand tightly and led him off after the buttler.

They were ushered into a small well lit room with a large impossing leather
desk in it, behind which was the king.  This was obviously the room he
used for visitors upon whom he wanted to impress the fact that he didn't
like rooms with lots of jewelery and he actually worked...  which of course
was a complete lie.

The princess unable to contain herself any longer, burst out saying they
were going to get married.  Tommorow.

The frog not really understanding what was going on and why the father was
sitting behind some wood and not a rock, just nodded and tryed hard to not
look confused.

He must have succeeded too well as the king thought he was madly in love
with his daughter.  (In actually fact he just wanted her married and out
of his hair.  The King couldn't stand daughters)

The king gave his acceptance, the princess lept into the startled frogs arms
and kissed him passionately.  The frog missing the princess already acidently
dropped her, but she didnt seem to care and smiled up at him from the now
tangled heap that was her clothes.

All went as planned over the next day, the preperations for the wedding were
done in record time and guests from all over the castle got ready for the
wedding.  There was to be at least 7 people in attendance (and a frog), so
the cooking staff were working overtime.  Only the castle staff were invited. 
No time to get anyone else...

The wedding itself was a feast of colours, if you happened to like shades
of green (ribbit had done the decorating).  Everything started smoothly
with the groom entering the room, without his best man.  And standing
looking confused at the start of the asile.  He looked smart and very
unfrog like in his pea green suit.

The organ started to play 'Here comes the bride' and the Princess entered
the room in a lilly green wedding dress to a slight gasp from most of
the audience (She was actually quite good looking).  She took ribbits
arm in her own and steering him down the asile towards the altar where
the priest was waiting.  The rest of the wedding went smoothly with the
Princess only haveing to poke Ribbit once to get him to say 'I do'.  Just
as Ribbit was about to place the wedding ring on the Princesses finger...
The spell wore off.  The pea green suit fell to the floor in a heap,
obviously empty.

The people in the room gasped in shock.  'He has gone!',  'Vanished utterly!'
'evil soucery' were just some of the cries from the shocked audience.

The frog suddenly frightened and in a dark black place just shivered a bit.

The princess broke down in tears, haveing been spured again and vowed she
would never marry again.  The king looked surprised, then as he heard her
vow, he also broke down crying.

After much discussion they decied to continue with the party anyway,
as there was all this food.  Why waste it?  So everyone filed solemnly
into the large dining hall and settled down to a health dinner of
cabbages and algae.

The pea green suit was picked up by one of servants, who found the frog in
it.  "Now, how did you get in here?" he asked it.

The frog, now unable to speak, just looked up at him with a sad look in his
eyes and flicked his tongue out...  The servant shrugged and threw him
outside into the frog pond.  The frog, once again happy, croaked with joy
and vowed never to kiss strange women at ponds any more.

The moral of the story?
Never see more (or less) into a frog than there really is.
And don't take your fairy tales too literaly.
