.DT
check
Discworld playtester help
check

.SH Name
.SI 5
check - Query a room's vital statistics
.EI

.SH Syntax
.SI 5
check chats
check long
check items
check day items
check night items

.EI

.SH Description
.SP 5 5
The check command is intended to let you see a 'big picture' view of what 
makes up a room, such as its items, its day and night long descriptions and 
its room chats.  It lets you see all of these at once without having to 
hunt for references or wait for the time of day to change.  

It is also used as a synergistic command that allows you to query all 
sorts of stuff.

Remember that seeing everything at once sometimes takes away the context 
of seeing things individually... this command is intended as a complement 
to traditional 'typo hunting' techniques and not a replacement for them.  
There are many subtleties that the command will miss, such as seasonal 
changes (where they exist), and dynamic descriptions.  But it will let 
you see a lot more at once than you would be able to otherwise.

'check chats' will show you the chats of a room, and their frequency.
If there are day and night chats, it will show these along with 
how often they are displayed.

'check long' will show you the day and night long for a room.

'check items' will give a list of items and their long descriptions.  
If a long description is surrounded by stars, it means that it is 
dynamically generated by code and all you are seeing is a snapshot 
of it... it may change due to environmental conditions.

'check day items' and 'check night items' show the items that are 
added during the day or the night... these are in addition to the 
standard items of the room, so 'check night items' for example 
will show only the additional items that are added at night. 

'check vouches' will show you which players you have vouched for as 
playtester candidates.

'check protected' is PT Executive only and will list the people using 
PT protection.

.EP

.SH Example
.SI 5
> check chats

This room has the following chats, set to occur at the rate of one every 120 to
240 seconds:

1. Drakkos smells of bee vomit.

2. Drakkos smells of bee excrement.

3. Drakkos is covered in bees.

.EI
