.DT
playtesting
Discworld player help
playtesting

.SH Name
.SI 5
playtesting - Query projects in playtesting
.EI

.SH Syntax
.SI 5
playtesting list
playtesting list <domain>
playtesting list <playtester>
playtesting details <project id>
playtesting report <project id>
playtesting assign <project id>
playtesting unassign <project id>

.EI

.SH Description
.SP 5 5
The playtesting command is an interface to the Discworld creator project 
management system.  Scary as that sounds, it's pretty much just a 
simplified query tool that allows playtesters to find out useful details 
about projects in playtesting.  

The simple 'playtesting list' command will list all projects currently 
in playtesting.  This can be qualified with either a domain or the name
of a playtester.  If you qualify it with a domain name, it returns all
the projects that domain currently has in playtesting.  If you qualify 
it with a playtester's name, you get the list of all projects they have
been assigned to playtest.

'playtesting details' will give you the relevant details about a project,
including the name, description, assigned creators and assigned 
playtesters.  You must qualify this with the project ID, rather than the
name... and remember that the ID is case sensitive.

'playtesting report' allows you to add a 'status report' of sorts to the
project tracker entry for the project.  You can use this to record 
observations that don't quite fit into a bug report.  Again, you must 
qualify this by the project ID (case sensitive).  This counts towards 
your quota in the same way an idea report does.

Senior playtesters can make use of the 'assign' and 'unassign' commands.  
These will allow them to assign and unassign themselves to a project in 
playtesting.  Normal playtesters will need a domain lord or the
Lord/deputy of the playtesting domain to assign them to projects.
.EP

.SH Example
.SI 5
> playtesting list ram
The following projects are currently in playtesting:
Project ID           Name                                     Domains

Monopoly             Exclusive Possession                     Ram
NewSlice             The village of Slice                     Ram

> playtesting details Monopoly
The details for this project are:

Project ID: Monopoly
Project Name: Exclusive Possession
Project Leader: Drakkos
Description: Monopoly for Discworld.
Domains: Ram
Creators: Drakkos
Assigned Playtesters: None.

.EI
