Hi!  Welcome to the creation side of discworld!

This document is just a list of tips and handy bits of information for 
new discworld creators.

Bulletin Boards

As a player you probably noticed some bulletin boards in various rooms.
As well as the half a dozen player accessible boards there are some
20 or so creator boards.  Some of these are general announcements of new
mudlib features, project developments, domain developments etc etc.
You are expected to keep up to date with all of the administrative/coding
boards because it is the main method of communicating important information
to creators!  

This is not such a difficult task with the aid of the board master object.
This is your own private bulletin board which transmutes into any board
at your command.  To get one type: clone /obj/misc/board_mas.  This should
tell you that one was cloned and put in you.  Unless something unusual 
happens you should never have to do this again.  This board is much like
other bulletin boards with a few extra commands.  The main one is 'new'
which searches for a bulletin board with unread messages on it and turns
into that board.  This means that a sequence of 'new' and 'r' repeatedly
will let you read ALL the new messages quite easily ... although it can
still be very time consuming!

Mailer

Along with your own private bulletin board, another quite handy tool is
the mailer object.  This prevents you having to 'physically' go to the 
post office to read/post mail.  To get this clone /obj/misc/mailer_ob.

Inform

Players get informed of log on events.  Similarly creators get a whole
string of events to choose from.  The easiest way to play with these is
to go 'inform all' and then turn off the ones you don't want as you 
like.

Communication

As well as the usual player commands for communicating creators get a few more.
"cre" is for the creator channel.  This prints to all creators and lords on 
(well, those who haven't earmuffed it) in this form ...

Ember: look at /doc/new/concepts/newbie
Pinkfish: and don't foregt to pat your wobmle too!!!
"cre@" is the creator emote thingy.  Prints like ...
(cre) Ember blinks nervously.

The cre channel is used for general cre chat. There is also the code
channel that can be used to ask (or answer) coding questions. The liaison
channel is available if you have a liaison related question.

In addition you will have a channel specific to your domain. This can be
used for whatever discussion your domain desires. Often they are used for
chat about domain-specific issues, plans, ideas etc. Sometimes it's just
friendly banter.

intercre or interwiz are the inter-mud creator channel.  This is broadcast to
random assorted muds that are connected to discworld ... you can get a list
using the "mudlist" command.

Coding

There are a few files available on the coding front. There are a basic LPC
manual and Drakkos' LPC for dummies in the documentation area on the
website. You may also find 'help debugging' and 'help performance'
useful. Check out the 'find' and 'which' commands too.

