.\"formatted output conversion
.DT
printf
Discworld driver help
printf

Name
.SI 5
printf, sprintf - formatted output conversion

.EI
Synopsis
.SI 5
void printf(string format, ...)

string sprintf(string format, ...)

.EI
Description
.SP 5 5
An implementation of (s)printf() for LPC, with quite a few extensions
(note that as no floating point exists, some parameters have slightly
different meaning or restrictions to "standard" (s)printf.)
Implemented by Lynscar (Sean A Reith).

This version supports the following as modifiers:
 " "   pad positive integers with a space.
 "+"   pad positive integers with a plus sign.
 "-"   left adjusted within field size.

NB: std (s)printf() defaults to right justification, which is unnatural
in the context of a mainly string based language but has been retained for
"compatability".

 "|"   centered within field size.

 "="   column mode if strings are greater than field size. This is only
meaningful with strings, all other types ignore this. Columns are
auto-magically word wrapped.

 "#"   table mode, print a list of '\n' separated 'words' in a
table within the field size.  only meaningful with strings.

  n    specifies the field size, a '*' specifies to use the corresponding
arg as the field size.  If n is prepended with a zero, then is padded
zeros, else it is padded with spaces (or specified pad string).

 "."n  presision of n, simple strings truncate after this (if presision is
greater than field size, then field size = presision), tables use
presision to specify the number of columns (if presision not specified
then tables calculate a best fit), all other types ignore this.

 ":"n  n specifies the fs _and_ the presision, if n is prepended by a zero
then it is padded with zeros instead of spaces.

 "@"   the argument is an array.  the corresponding format_info (minus the
"@") is applyed to each element of the array.

 "'X'" The char(s) between the single-quotes are used to pad to field
size (defaults to space) (if both a zero (in front of field
size) and a pad string are specified, the one specified second
overrules).  NOTE:  to include "'" in the pad string, you must
use "\\'" (as the backslash has to be escaped past the
interpreter), similarly, to include "\" requires "\\\\".

The following are the possible type specifiers.
 "%"   in which case no arguments are interpreted, and a "%" is inserted, and
all modifiers are ignored.
 "O"   the argument is an LPC datatype.
 "s"   the argument is a string.
 "d"   the integer arg is printed in decimal.
 "i"   as d.
 "c"   the integer arg is to be printed as a character.
 "o"   the integer arg is printed in octal.
 "x"   the integer arg is printed in hex.
 "X"   the integer arg is printed in hex (in capitals).

.EP
Return values
.SI 5
sprintf() returns the formatted string.
.EI
See also
.SI 5
sscanf(3)
.EI
