.DT
new shop owner
Discworld shop help
new shop owner


.SH Automatic acceptance
.SP 5 5
You can setup automatic acceptance of items for sale in your shop in
various ways.  You can control the number of items each player is allowed
to sell and you can control the cost of items people are allowed to sell.
You can set things up to be either automatically denied (not allowed to sell
the item at all), automatically placed into the shop inventory or
placed into the queue waiting for approval.

The order for checking for things for automatic approval is this: first
the seller is checked for any hard limits on their sale price, then
the item itself is checked for any limits, then the expressions are
evaluated and checked and lastly the low level limits for automatic
approval are checked on the player.  When the seller is checked for
hard limits and for the limit at which items can be sold automatically
their limits specified specifically for the player are checked, and if
they do not exist then the default limits are checked.

The basic commands for controlling this are the
'approve limit deny value <cost>',
'approve limit approve value <cost>' and 'approve limit number <number>'.
These are the basic limits set on everyone that uses the store by default.
These limits can be overridden by the other automatic acceptance controls.

'approve limit deny value <cost>' sets up the maximum cost that
anything at all can be sold to the shop at.  If an item exceeds this
cost then it will not be allowed to be sold at all.  It will be denied and
not moved into the acceptance list.  If this is unset, or set to 0, then
there is no upper limit on the cost of something allowed to be sold in
the shop.

'approve limit approve value <cost>' sets up the maximum cost that
an item will automatically be accepted into the shop for.  If this is
set to a non-zero value than anythign which sells for less than this will
be added to the shops inventory without going through the normal acceptance
process.  If this is not set, or set to zero, then all items will need
to be approved before being added to the shop.

'approve limit number <number>' sets the maximum number of items than
can be listed by the player in both the shop and in their approval
list.  This is to stop the shop owner from being deluged in items for
approval.

'approve status' can be used to view the status of all the current
auto approval limts specified in the shop.
.EP

.SH Examples
.SI 5
> approve limit deny value $100
You set the limit at which players can sell items to the shop to A$100.
> approve limit approve value $50
You set the limit at which items will be automatically added to the
inventory to A$50.
> approve limit number 20
You set the maximum number of items which a player can sell to the shop
to 20.
.EI
